---
description: Legal considerations
---

# Disclaimer

This document is created by Hugs Ltd, a company registered in Gibraltar with registration number 120996, and is meant solely for educational and informational purposes. Nothing in this document is to be construed as investment or financial advice. Investing in cryptocurrency, the $HUGS Token and Initial Coin Offerings ('ICOs') is highly risky. It can lead to a partial or complete loss of your investment. Neither Hugs Ltd nor any other party involved in the making of this document take any responsibility or liability for any investments, profits, or losses you may incur as a result of this information. None of the contents of this document serve as an inducement or as advice to engage in any kind of investment activity. This document is by no means intended to be a solicitation, invitation or offering for investment or the sale or issuance of securities or any interests or assets. The purchase of $HUGS Tokens is governed by the Token Sale Terms and Conditions available at www.hugsplatform.com. &#x20;

While the information in this document is given in good faith, Hugs Ltd cannot make any warranties or guarantees with regards to the accuracy, completeness, or applicability of the information shared in this document. The Hugs Ltd team is working full force to achieve the ambitious vision as set forth in this document. Hugs Ltd cannot be held accountable or liable for unforeseen circumstances such as changes in legislation, which are impossible to predict. In case of such events, Hugs Ltd may at its sole discretion choose to change the roadmap, goals, and strategy of the company, without notice or incurring any obligation or liability to any ICO investor. Hugs Ltd will be as transparent as possible towards its investors and do everything within its power to achieve all goals as presented in this document.&#x20;

Hugs Ltd expressly renounces any and all liability and responsibility, and every person or party investing in the ICO expressly waives any claim for any direct or indirect loss or damage of any kind whatsoever - foreseeable or not - resulting directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on information provided in this document or by Hugs Ltd in connection with any potential further inquiry (ii) any error, omission, or inaccuracy with regards to the information provided in this document, (iii) any action resulting therefrom or (iv) usage or purchase of products created by Hugs Ltd.&#x20;

This document shall not bind, convey any rights, obligations, terms, performance, contracts, representations, warranties or guarantees on behalf of Hugs Ltd towards ICO investors, or create any kind of relationship or agreement between Hugs Ltd and ICO investors or any other party. This disclaimer applies regardless of any negligence, default, or breach of duty.&#x20;

Legal Considerations&#x20;

Whilst we have approached the $HUGS Token Sale in a responsible manner, cryptocurrencies, digital assets, and the use of distributed ledger technologies for the storage or transfer of value hold uncertain status in various jurisdictions. We have taken efforts to consider the legal status of the $HUGS Token and later Hugs Protocol model in the jurisdictions where we plan to operate.&#x20;

$HUGS Tokens are functional utility tokens designed for the Hugs Protocol. $HUGS Tokens are not securities. Once you purchase $HUGS Tokens, they cannot be refunded. We do not recommend that $HUGS Tokens be purchased for speculative investment purposes. You should buy $HUGS Tokens to participate in the Hugs Protocol. $HUGS Tokens have no voting rights, equity, or any other rights in Hugs Ltd. $HUGS Tokens are sold as digital assets. We do not recommend purchasing $HUGS Tokens unless you have prior experience with cryptocurrencies or digital asset tokens.&#x20;

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THERE ARE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH PURCHASING, OWNING, AND USING THE $HUGS TOKENS. THESE RISKS INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO BEING SUBJECT TO AGGRESSIVE VOLATILITY IN VALUE, UNANTICIPATED RISKS, SECURITY RISKS, UNINSURED RISKS, GOVERNANCE RISKS AND OTHER RISKS WHERE THE VALUE OF THE $HUGS TOKENS MAY LOSE ALL OR PART OF THE VALUE OF YOUR ORIGINAL INVESTMENT. BEFORE PURCHASING $HUGS TOKENS YOU ARE REQUIRED TO READ THE TOKEN SALE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THE RISKS SET OUT THEREIN AT APPENDIX 3 – WWW.HUGSPLATFORM.COM
